China might be the central focus of the
emerging Empire but it isn't without its
fair share of problems the level of risk
which those in China are willing to
stomach keeps getting larger and larger
eventually this will force the Central
Bank in China to support the failures
and kick the can down the road yet again
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today I have a quick
video for you want to begin with this
bad debt Bonanza Chinese Banks
nonperforming loans are at a
12year high and you could see this for
yourself the way that this has been
going ever since the financial crisis
occurred you can see the trend it's
pretty clear and this is no different
than what we see in the west as well so
the nonperforming loans tell me that
people are taking too much risk they're
extending themselves way too much and
perhaps they are buying Big Ticket items
that they Tru truthfully could not
afford so that I believe is very
important I want to switch gears for a
moment talk about the blood bath that
was going on in
cryptocurrencies we can see that
ethereum as an example took a major
beating this however is after a massive
runup so whenever you look at
cryptocurrencies whenever whenever you
look at precious metals whenever you
look at stocks you have to understand
where they've come from so if perhaps
the stock drops 2% that might be
significant on a day view but when you
look at it over the last 3 months and
maybe a year or more it suddenly seems
like just a blip so I want you to always
put things into context remember that's
very
important low interest rates just
justify high
valuations it's pretty clear I mean
you're looking at this orangish uh line
here and you could see that that's the
SNP going Upward at the same time you
have your interest rates essentially
have declined there is a direct inv
inverse relationship in between interest
rates and the stock market if they
continue to stay down and money keeps
free flowing there's no telling how high
the stock Market could go I don't
necessarily disagree with
that look at
this this is a auction site in
China and this basically talks about or
gets into different all different things
to purchase one of them being
nonperforming loans other one is bad
debt you're looking at all kinds of
strange things have appeared here but I
just thought it was really funny when
you see bad debt appearing on an auction
site in China you know that that is in
its true abundance and this doesn't look
good for the situation where we have
more and more and more debt being
accumulated and it's not just in the US
don't ever think that for a second this
is happening
globally even Jamie
Diamond one of the minions of the
system saying that the unwinding of
Central Bank Bond buying programs is an
unprecedent a challenge that may be more
disruptive than people think we've never
had QE like this before we've never had
an unwinding like this before obviously
that should say something you think
about the risk that might mean because
we've never lived with it before
and essentially what he gets into here
he also says the fact that we don't know
what's going to happen now in a way it's
basically saying let the free money keep
flowing because I need to get
paid but at the same time it's truth
they don't know what's going to happen
if they unwind the balance sheet this
has been an experiment that has never
been done ever in
history I have have an idea of where
it's going to
head you know this here is this article
is talking about
Seattle how expensive has become and so
forth I'm just going to go ahead and
move on to
this participation rates when you see
that those who are supposed to be
retired simply can't do so and they
continue to
work that's a very
strange piece of the demographic
puzzle when you see that youth are more
unemployed now than ever before and then
you see those who generally would have
been retiring those over 65 are staying
in the workforce now some of those who
are perhaps more
elderly some would agree that that's
taking some of the jobs from the youth
but I I don't really Factor it in like
that I factor it in as the jobs are
disappearing those who have their job
and require a job or holding on to it
for dear life and simply you have all of
these different new technologies which
are coming on board you have uh General
economic disaster to say the least which
is happening and it's causing this so
there's multiple reasons for it
workers of the world about a third of
current workers in the US and Japan
expect to work past the age of 70 this
is one very obvious country when you
look at Japan they even have a word for
death by working too much
essentially
and when
you I mean there's two colors here
expecting to retire past the age of a of
70 and then the sort of uh pinkish type
color is expecting to never
retire and
that to me
shows not it's not necessarily people
who say you know what what am I going to
do at home I'm just going to be sitting
there on the couch I might as well work
that's not what this
is of course some of it is but generally
it's people can afford their bills food
is too expensive electricity is too
expensive and they've got a whole pile
of debt on their back and they simply
need to pay it off so what do they do
well they keep working and they keep
working and they keep
working that's the way it
goes and last but not least this was
amazing in a bad way if you type into
YouTube Venezuela Mad Max you get this
video and it
is it's insane you see this essentially
motorcycle gang following this truck
they throw Molotov cocktails at
it finally they take it over and it
looks
like I want to say scavengers on a
carcass literally like tearing it up
trying to take what it has I mean it
just it's crazy to see that this is what
will happen we talk about the Mad Mac
scenario all the time it's literally
happening in Venezuela now but look in
the mainstream media do you see it being
talked about not at all look in the
alternative media not really not
regularly anyway and it's something that
just needs to be brought up over and
over again because there's always bad
news coming out of Venezuela this is
Extreme but the reason I mention it is
not to talk about Venezuela but think
about your city that you're
in this could happen so
easily and we will not be ready most
people will not be
ready if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GP PS AMU release
global economic lapse even more
informative you can flip through the
books at Amazon there are links in the
description below take care